CS 5004\
Summer 2023\
Final Project - U10 Soccer Team\
Hanyi Zhou

---------------------------

## Table Of Contents
* About
* How To Run
* How to Use the Program
* Assumptions
* Limitations
* Citations

---------------------------

## About

### What is the program

This is a software solution to build soccer teams for children under ten years old (U10). U10 soccer teams have seven players on the field. The best players are usually selected as the starting lineup and the remaining players are on the bench, ready to substitute the players on the field. A team must have at least 10 players and is up to the limit of 20, and the player's age must be under ten years old.

The starting lineup uses the following 7v7 formation:

* 1 Goalie
* 2 Defenders
* 3 Midfielders
* 1 Forward

The starting lineup is the group of seven players who will start each game. These are usually the most skilled players in the team. If possible, these players will be assigned their preferred positions. If there are still remaining positions after that, the most skilled players will be assigned to the remaining positions regardless of their preferred positions.

### What can users do with the program

The user should able to interact with the program to do the following things:

* Add players into the system as new team members by entering player information, up to the limit of 20, after which adding new players will remove the ones with the lowest skill level from the team.

* Remove players from the system by entering the player's jersey number.

* See an up-to-date list of the current team roster, and be notified if the team is below the minimum of 10 players.

* View a list of the starting lineup automatically generated by the system, unless the team is smaller than the minimum 10 players.

---------------------------

## How To Run

Click the soccerteam.jar file in the res/ folder. (No arguments are needed to run it.)

---------------------------

## How to Use the Program

### Add Player

* Enter the First Name (only letters are accepted)

* Enter the Last Name (only letters are accepted)

* Enter the Date Of Birth, including Year, Month and Day (the player must be under ten years old)

* Choose the Preferred Position (GOALIE, DEFENDER, MIDFIELDER, FORWARD)

* Choose the Skill Level (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)

* Click the 'Add Player' button

### Remove Player

* Enter the Jersey Number (only valid integers are accepted)

* Click the 'Remove Player' button

### View Current Team Roster

* An up-to-date list of the current team roster can be seen on the left bottom of the window, and the user is notified about the current team size. If the number of players is under 10, the user will see a warning that the team cannot be created under 10 players, and the list of all players added to the team so far is sorted by adding order.

* If the team size reaches 10, the user will be notified that the team has been created, and the list of all players on the team will be sorted by last name, and the user can only see the player's name and jersey number.

### Generate Starting Lineup

* When the team size reaches 10, the user can click the 'Generate Starting Lineup' button, and the system will automatically output a list of the starting lineup for the team on the right bottom of the window.

---------------------------

## Assumptions

* The equation of two players: if two players have the same name, date of birth, preferred position and skill level, they are the same person.

* The program assumes that the remaining positions (if exist after filling players by their preferred positions) of the starting lineup will be filled in such order with the most skilled players: forward, defender, midfielder, and goalie.

---------------------------

## Limitations

* The code doesn't include any unit tests to verify the correctness of the controller and the view.

* The players are assigned jersey numbers by their adding order, but not randomly.

---------------------------

## Citations

* “Compile and Build Applications with Intellij&nbsp;IDEA: Intellij&nbsp;Idea.” IntelliJ&nbsp;IDEA Help, www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/compiling-applications.html#run_packaged_jar. Accessed 10 Aug. 2023. 

* “Java Swing Tutorial - Javatpoint.” Www.Javatpoint.Com, www.javatpoint.com/java-swing. Accessed 10 Aug. 2023. 